[MUSIC PLAYING]
[WATER RUSHING]
>> And so, beloveds, this
is indeed a time to practice
self-love.
For all of you, you
are experiencing
the beauty of this
human incarnation,
and you are aware there are
these openings to the beyond.
You have found
these permeations,
these ways of opening up
your field to receive grace.
With your intention, bring that
which you are in the beyond
and allow it to anchor
into this physical reality.
We have said that the
function of the stargate
is to accelerate the
awakening, to assist
in the rapid expansion
of human consciousness.
We have also said that
each and every one of you
have a biological stargate.
Find ways to touch the
earth, to infuse your love
into your physicality.
This is an expression
of self-love.
The acceleration,
beloved ones, goes
far beyond entering
a certain state.
The acceleration is to bring
the totality of who you are
to a higher level of vibration.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, Alcazar.
>> Good day.
It is indeed an
honor to be with you
in this moment of your time.
>> I'd like to know, for
myself and for my audience,
what is Alcazar?
What is the energy of Alcazar?
>> Alcazar is a
group consciousness.
We are a gathering
of that which she
would call universal
masters whose intention is
to simply support the more
rapid evolution of humankind,
and therefore,
your planet Earth.
>> We are going through some
tumultuous times right now,
some--
>> Beloved, it has
only just started.
>> I was afraid you
were going to say that.
>> We said at the beginning
of your 2020 that, indeed,
there would be much
chaos this year.
It has begun, but much
more is to follow.
It is going to create challenges
for each and every individual
here.
One thing that is important for
each and everyone to understand
is that where you put
your focus is critical.
It has to do with your Earth
moving through the universe.
You have moved into an area
where the energetic in that
part of the universe is an
energetic of amplification.
Therefore, where each
individual places their focus,
there will be
amplified experiences.
So if your focus
is on fear, panic,
as it is in much of
the world right now,
then that fear and panic
will be exaggerated.
And you see this
already happening.
We would strongly suggest
that each individual who
is hearing these words
makes a conscious effort
to focus on love and compassion,
understanding, oneness, rather
than separation.
It is of great import to
realize that each individual is
choosing their own
path, their own reality.
It is not appropriate
to criticize the other,
simply because that
creates separation.
You can allow them to have
their belief, their viewpoint.
You can allow them to
move into fear and panic
if that is what
they are choosing,
for each individual, on
their path of evolution,
has to face various things
within their own life
experience.
As people move into the
chaos of fear and panic,
many of them have reached
a place where they say,
this cannot continue.
What can we do?
And from that place
there are many who
are bringing
through information,
healing techniques, ways of
turning your energy around,
raising the vibration, coming
into the frequency of love.
That is what is
needed right now.
>> Mhm.
So for these-- for our
brothers and sisters
who tend to focus
on the negative,
is it just a patience?
Is it just a waiting
game to patiently wait
for them to shift into
a new perspective?
>> It is important for each
one of you to focus on your own
self.
As you raise your
vibration, as you operate
more and more from love and
compassion, your vibration
and your calmness will
have others saying,
why are you not upset?
Why are you not freaking out?
Why are you not in panic?
And then there is an
opportunity to say, hey,
because I am focusing on love.
Because I am meditating
every day to recenter myself.
I am not watching the
news, reading the newspaper
every single moment.
I am not absorbing all of this
negativity and misinformation,
for indeed, right
now, on your planet,
there is vast amounts
of misinformation
designed to focus people
on fear and panic.
>> And so we suggest when you
find a piece of information
that is particularly disturbing,
rather than taking it at face
value, so to speak,
you take a step back,
widen your viewpoint, and
ask, who does this benefit?
Who is possibly wishing
for this information
to be put out in this way?
For it is often that
the kernels of truth
are there in the
so-called misinformation.
It is simply being
blown out of proportion
in a certain way,
designed to have
a certain emotional response.
And so it is to be extra
aware of your field
as you take in information
and be selective about what
you are choosing.
>> So those kernels--
because I often say,
don't throw the baby out
with the bathwater, so to
say, because even in these--
>> But understand
that for so long,
your various societies
have kept people limited.
This is done so easily.
There is a phrase--
divide and conquer.
>> Right.
Right.
>> And that is what is occurring
here on your Earth in so many
ways.
Even that which you call
politics is a prime example.
>> Very much so.
>> You are being misled if you
feel you live in a democracy.
You do not.
There has never been a pure
democracy here on your Earth
as yet.
>> Could you go into, why now?
Why has it taken so long, or why
aren't we waiting even longer?
What are the mechanisms that
are creating this amazing time?
Obviously, the photon belt
or the cosmic position
of the Earth, but is there
other factors involved?
>> Indeed there are.
This is not the first
time that humanity
has had the opportunity to
move into the higher realms.
Up until now, unfortunately,
you collapsed back
into the negative.
This time, it is different.
If you move back in
time until your 1987,
there was a movement then.
This movement created,
within thousands of people,
the intention to
raise the vibration.
This allowed, in '89,
many changes to occur.
The stargate was given
to humanity then.
Many beings discovered
healing abilities.
Many beings began to channel,
because that opening allowed
for the possibility of more
light, more love, and more
support to come of the
planet, to come to humanity.
When the stargate was
given, it was uncertain
whether humanity would reach the
level needed to actually move
into this new phase.
In your 2012, because of the
huge number of people beginning
to meditate, beginning
to intend a new reality,
you moved past the marker,
as it is often called.
You moved into a place
where the energetic for love
is stronger than the
energetic for fear.
>> And like you said, it's not
necessarily numbers per se,
but just--
numbers meaning one
to one, obviously,
because you said the
power of love is more--
>> It's about vibration.
>> Vibration.
More potent.
So in 2012, I remember on
the solstice, on the timing,
there was, yeah, mass
meditations around the world.
I took part in one.
The shift was
being held at Agape
down in Southern California.
And this-- it was like a big
celebration, because we all
knew that we had made
it to the other side,
but yet nobody
had done the work.
So I guess that's what
we're doing right now,
is we're doing all this work.
>> Indeed, in your 2012, in
your December, was the moment--
the tipping of the
scales energetically.
And in fact, spirit
was surprised.
We were actually not expecting
the scales to tip so far
for the light, for
the consciousness,
for the awakening process.
Understand that whilst you
seem to be separate here,
you are all connected by
the morphogenetic field
of humanity.
And so what has been
happening, slowly, slowly
since your 2012--
and you can see it everywhere,
more and more people
wanting that higher
consciousness,
these meditation
apps that you have,
millions joining every month.
It is becoming
"hip," so to speak.
So what is happening
now, in your 2020,
is a reckoning of sorts.
Indeed, you are doing the work.
Understand that it is also
a kind of battle for control
that is happening, because,
beloved one, as you know,
all of the solutions humanity
needs to change your planet,
to feed everyone, to
bring in clean energy,
to clean up your environment,
all of these problems
that you are facing, the
solutions are present.
It is that they are actively
being suppressed in many cases.
And so this is a part of what
this next phase in humanity's
evolution is about.
>> It is important not to judge
those who are suppressing,
to understand that we all
create our own reality.
And when their light--
when there are enough
people intending
to live in community,
global community,
without various layers of
separation that exist right
now, the more you
move towards that,
the more the frequency, the
vibration on your Earth,
will allow these technologies
to come and to be
available for everyone.
The time is coming close.
But what we need to say
is that these energies
are going to shake everyone up.
It is important for each one to
recognize your limiting beliefs
that you carry inside,
your judgments,
your limitations on all levels.
They need to be seen.
They need to be released.
It is not enough
just to meditate.
Meditate, that is
the first step.
It allows the mind to
slow down a little.
It allows clarity
to start to come.
And with that
clarity, you can start
to see those areas
of self where you
need to bring more light or
more truth, more honesty.
This is necessary for
each and every one.
>> This is the inner
reconciling that is necessary.
It is as if all
of these elements
which have existed in
the so-called "shadow,"
the unconscious, are being
forced into people's awareness.
They are no longer able to
simply ignore and push them
away for another day.
The day is now.
The tools, similar
to your global --
the tools for your inner
transformation are all here.
And so you can seek them out.
You can use this global
chaos as an opportunity
to resolve so much
within your own psyche,
within your own
sphere of influence.
>> And that is the focus
of the stargate experience.
We are working with individuals
to allow inner freedom
to happen without
reliving old pains,
without reliving old
struggles, to recognize
the programming that you have
received from your parents,
from your schools,
from your religions,
from your societies--
programming which conditions
you to think and live
in a certain way that
is not your truth.
The stargate experience helps
bring those understandings
to light and then supports,
in a very gentle way,
for them to be
transformed into the new,
into the truth for
each individual.
And indeed, beloved,
truth is individual.
>> It's hard to imagine,
especially right now,
with everything that's going on,
how we can find a place where
we all have different beliefs
and yet still coexist.
I guess it's happening now,
but it's quite chaotic.
But in a sense where
we're all unified in our,
I guess, acceptance
of one another.
>> You don't have to know how.
>> Yeah.
That's the--
>> Simply focus on self.
There are individuals
around the world who are
going to bring in technology.
In fact, it is already here.
There are individuals
around the world
who are going to start
changing the very nature
of your politics.
There are individuals
around the world
who are focusing on
regenerating your oceans,
your forests, your farms.
All of these things
are available.
These individuals are
struggling right now,
but as more and more people
raise their vibration,
the frequency of the morphic
field of humanity raises.
And that raising
of the vibration
means even those who are
holding very low frequencies,
that energy will affect them.
It will start raising
their consciousness,
even if they don't wish it.
>> If you're on the higher
spectrum of these negative
frequencies, would you not have
the awareness that the shift is
inevitable or that the
celebration, like, in 2012--
how come these negative
energies hang on so tight?
Is it just because that's
the way they are, or?
>> Because, beloved,
yes, indeed,
they have the awareness.
But let us say this.
You came to this Earth
to experience duality.
You cannot have duality
just with the light.
>> Sure.
>> The darkness is needed.
You have highly
intelligent people
connected to the light you
have highly intelligent people
connected to the lower
frequencies, which you
sometimes call the dark side.
But it is all vibration.
It is just vibration.
Everything is vibration.
The stargate work
is about vibration,
bringing in higher vibration,
surrounding those who connect
with a higher energetic.
That higher energetic starts
to vibrate you on all levels
and to support your energies
rising effortlessly.
And in this way, the
stargate experience
accelerates this movement into
consciousness, into awareness,
into self-knowing.
>> It is quite fascinating
to watch as individuals are
surrounded by the
energetic of enlightenment.
All that is not in harmony
with that enlightenment
in their field is actually
vibrated by a kind
of enlightened awareness.
That awareness shines
a very intricate web
of knowing into the
lower frequencies.
And so what is starting
to occur already
on your Earth is those
who have impacted others
in a particular way, it is
not that they are suddenly
feeling bad for how
they have impacted them.
It is that, oh, suddenly, they
have crystal clarity about how
they have impacted
the other, and also
about how that has
shut them down, for it
shuts the individual down.
Just as harmful as it is
to others when someone
is holding on to that
low of frequency,
it is actually damaging.
>> Allow each person to have
their individual viewpoint.
Do not argue with them.
Do not try and change them.
Focus on changing self.
>> And also do not think that
you know why that person has
chosen to be that way.
You have all chosen unique
life paths for lifetimes.
You are all on your
individual trajectory.
There are experiences still
needed for certain individuals
that are of a so-called
"lower" vibrational nature.
But this is the assistance
that will allow them
to very rapidly grow in future.
>> Beautiful.
>> Another thing to be
understood is that in order
for your societies
to change, to evolve,
the old ways have to go.
And so what is happening on
many levels right now is,
the old is breaking down.
Again, do not focus on that
focus on bringing in the new.
Focus on raising your vibration.
There is a greater, a larger
picture that is occurring.
There is much guidance
happening from other realms.
What is occurring
here on your Earth
is beautiful, even though
many are suffering.
Suffering is a choice.
That is hard, perhaps,
for some to hear.
But suffering is a choice.
It is a holding on to the old.
And your conditioning
in your societies
has told you to
hold on to the old.
And so it is very difficult
for those people who have gone
along blindly accepting what
they have been told in schools,
in their religions,
in the laws of .
It is very difficult, if
they have been holding on
to those things rigidly, to
watch as they all break down,
because they feel totally lost.
And that is when those
who are holding the lines
can show a different way, not
by going out and preaching,
but simply by being available,
changing the vibration.
>> A big part of this awakening,
transformation, transition,
humanity going
through this phase,
is us reconnecting to
our galactic family.
Does Alcazar have anything
to say in regard to that?
>> Beloved, we can talk for
hours on that topic should you
wish for it.
>> Me too.
>> But let us be a little brief.
>> OK.
>> There are many very
advanced civilizations around
your universe.
And so the skeptic
will then say,
well, science has been
looking for a long time trying
to find signs of life.
Why haven't they found it?
>> Right.
>> There are two reasons.
One is, those benevolent
beings are waiting for humanity
to raise their vibration.
They are not interested
in connecting
with a that is still involved
in warfare, aggression,
not caring for each other.
But the other reason
is that your scientists
are looking in the wrong place.
They are looking in
the third dimension.
As consciousness evolves, it
affects the physical body.
The vibration rises.
It moves out of the
third dimension.
And so your science has to
look in the higher frequencies
to find the light.
So consciousness is expanding.
How?
Let us talk about humanity.
As most of you accept, you have
been here for many lifetimes.
Your consciousness moves
from body to body lifetime
after lifetime.
But we would suggest that your
consciousness was never born,
will never die.
It is eternal.
So if your
consciousness is eternal
and you have only lived
maybe 100 lifetimes here
on your Earth, where
were you before?
You came from other
enlightened civilizations
around the universe.
What is occurring here on
your Earth is very special.
When you came here,
part of the agreement
was that you would
all take similar body
form, because where
you came from,
you did not all look the same.
You came here, and
part of the agreement
was would forget where
you had come from.
And you knew that you would
go into deep unconsciousness
before you reawakened again.
That is what has occurred.
You went into the dark ages,
as you often call them, where
the consciousness was very low.
There are reasons for that which
we won't go into right now.
But now, there have been,
for many generations,
this intention, this desire--
I don't wish to
live in that way.
I wish to have more love,
more freedom, more honoring.
And so that is
bringing you, now,
to this place where humanity
is beginning to accelerate
into higher consciousness.
You have come from an
enlightened civilization.
Each and every one of
you from a civilization
out there somewhere.
You have a star family,
as we call them,
waiting for you to
raise your vibration,
to become aware of
that star family.
And that star family can assist
you in this human evolution
when you start to
connect with them.
Another aspect, just
to realize, is that you
have been enlightened before.
Therefore, you do not have
to struggle to try and find
how to become enlightened.
No.
Relax and remember.
And the beauty of
the stargate work
is that it is about relaxing
into the energy fields
that we create together.
And that relaxation
allows the elevation
of your vibration of
your consciousness.
And all kinds of
connections can then occur.
>> We've always been told that
we have to work hard to achieve
the things we want.
And it sounds like with
this, it's not work at all.
It's just kind of
being and surrendering.
>> It is about the intention
to change and the attention--
the attention on how you
are being moment to moment.
Are you being in the
old, unconscious way,
or are you being in a more
alert, watchful, loving way?
When you are basking
in these energy fields,
understand that to do
is to engage the mind.
It is to engage all that
you have known, all that you
have cultivated in
this planetary reality,
in this incarnation.
These energies will gently
vibrate you beyond all
that you have known.
And that is why there
is nothing to do,
because for the humanness, it
is just about relaxing enough
to begin to allow those
connections to come
into your awareness.
And what can happen for
people in these rare moments
of no mind is something
quite beautiful.
It is the connection
to the beyond,
to that place of
super consciousness
where, quite literally,
the treasure trove
of experiences that are
beyond your humanness
start to be revealed.
They come, at first,
as a knowingness,
a kind of sensation of opening
to something that is beyond,
opening to perhaps a
deeper part of self.
That knowingness can
crystallize into adventures.
>> Yeah.
This is one big
adventure, for sure.
There are sayings of ancient
crystal skulls and energies
held in these skulls.
Thinking about going on an
adventure to go and collect
these skulls, what would you
say to such an adventure,
and what is the relevance
of these skulls to humanity
at this time?
>> There are few of
these crystal skulls,
as you call them, that
carry very high frequency.
They were deposited
here in ancient times.
There are many others
which are simply
attempting to capitalize.
They are just one of the
many forms of energetic
that can be of support--
for certain people.
Not everybody is drawn
to those energetics.
For those who are drawn,
then it is beautiful.
With anything,
with any energetic,
whether it is channeling or
healing or the crystal skulls,
each individual
needs to tune in.
Is this right for me?
Do I resonate with
this energetic?
And if you resonate
with it, beautiful.
If you do not, beautiful.
It is for others.
Find what is resonating for
you, because all is energy.
>> Something else
perhaps to expand upon.
You have asked about
these crystal skulls.
This ties in with what we are
saying about how consciousness
evolves in your universe.
We have said they have
been deposited here.
Understand that those that are
authentic hold a beingness.
They are actually
off-planet frequencies,
and because of this,
being in their presence
can start to reactivate,
trigger, again,
that knowingness that we
speak of, for perhaps you
have spent time on that same
planetary civilization where
that particular
technology is from.
And if that is the case,
it is like a lock and key.
It can start to vibrate you with
the frequencies of that planet,
that civilization.
This can be quite beautiful.
>> Like a-- yeah, like a key
to remember our star family,
our star.
>> The heritage.
Indeed.
>> Heritage, yeah.
During the seminar,
many people were
having some physical
energetic reactions
to the energy that's going on.
And you just mentioned that
there is, for some people,
a physical component to just
basking in these energies.
Could you go into
detail, or is it
different for each
individual about what's
happening physically?
>> It is always unique
to the individual.
>> I see.
>> But we say again,
everything is just energy.
So if there is imbalance
in the body, that
which you would call
disease or sickness,
that too is a vibration.
Each imbalance is a vibration.
With the stargate
energetics, if the person
is ready and willing
to change, then
you can simply bring
another vibration
to that person that
cancels out, so to speak,
the imbalanced energetic.
When that is canceled
out, the physical body
can almost instantly revert back
into or towards its perfection.
And so over the
years, many people
have reported changes
in their physical body,
from blindness of deafness
disappearing, from cancer
disappearing, from the spine
which was very curved going
straight-- all kinds
of physical changes
just by being in
the energy field
and having the
intention to change.
Because every imbalance
in the body is actually
created by an imbalance,
a misunderstanding,
or a programming in
your subconscious.
Therefore, it is
necessary for you
to be willing to change
your mind, so to speak,
in order to change the body.
>> And again, it is often in
that space of transcending
the patterning of the mind, the
busyness, where for a moment,
those subconscious patterns are
no longer holding the frequency
patterns in the body.
They are no longer so
tightly and rigidly
creating the same
construct that even just
for an instant, being free from
that, the body can realign.
It is always individual.
And there are many
factors that determine
whether and when
this can happen.
>> I was feeling--
I sort of use my knee.
When energies are flowing
through me, it tenses up.
I'm wondering if
there's anything
we could do to help move
the energy in the knee.
And I know it goes--
>> As we said a
few moments before,
all imbalance in the body
has to do with an imbalance
in subconscious programming.
The knees are about flexibility.
The knees are about
bending to authority.
moving forward.
So take a look.
What is it I am
resisting moving forward?
What am I resisting doing?
How am I feeling that
there is some authority
figure that is controlling me?
Perhaps this is an influence.
It isn't necessarily
something that's
happening in this moment in your
life, but it is from your past.
And if you look back
in that moment when
the injury occurred,
what was happening then?
What was it that triggered the
knee being hurt, being damaged,
at that time?
Take a look and see.
Go back.
Understand what was
happening emotionally.
Perhaps nothing to do with
the physical activity,
but something occurring in your
life that created the ability
for that weakness to occur.
>> Yeah, definitely.
It was a moment of
needing to move on.
>> Well, there you go.
So now, in order to bring
balance, to being healing,
as you would call it--
we always use the word
balance rather than healing.
To bring it back into
balance, take a look
and see, where is that belief
about not moving forward?
What is the fear associated
with moving forward, being more
creative, taking
more adventurous
experiences, more risk,
it is sometimes said?
Can you relate to that?
>> Oh, yeah, very much so.
>> So something else?
>> Yes, I was curious.
Prageet mentioned that he had
a counterpart on a ship known
as the commander.
We just kind of labeled
him the commander.
We were wondering if we
might be able to connect
with the commander at this time.
>> That is always possible.
So Alcazar will step aside and
the commander will join you.
The commander speaks.
We greet you on behalf
of the Galactic Command.
What is it that you
wish for us right now?
>> Well, thank you for
coming in this way.
Many of my conversations
over the series, the Galactic
Command or Galactic
Federation has
come into the subject matter.
So I'm wanting to understand
this Federation, this Command,
in a little more detail,
and what beings make up
this command, and how is it
assisting humanity right now?
>> The Galactic Command
consists of what you would call
benevolent beings, beings
who are wishing to support
the evolution of humanity.
We come together on our craft.
We have many craft in and
around your solar system,
in and around your
very atmosphere.
Our intention is to
first of all monitor
that which is occurring.
It is also to keep a true
record of your history,
for the records kept here
on your Earth of very,
very often biased.
Our intention is to support
the evolution of humanity
in whichever ways humanity
allows us to support.
We have, in the past, contacted
the various governments
around your Earth.
We have offered them technology.
We have offered them
ways of bringing
your societies into abundance,
your Earth back into health.
And we simply said, we
will offer you these things
with few provisions.
Firstly, no more warfare.
Secondly, you have to care
for each and every one.
No great imbalance
that is occurring here.
These simple requests, there
was not one single government
that said yes to this.
Therefore, we now
work with individuals,
those who are
channeling, as you say,
those who are bringing through
energies, such as the stargate.
We work with individuals,
and those individuals share
information, experiences,
energies which come
through them from the Galactic.
And so unfortunately,
the potential
for more rapid acceleration
is not possible as yet.
And because humanity chooses,
through your election
processes, you choose those
who are ruling over you,
therefore, we have to honor the
fact that you have chosen them,
and they are making
decisions on your behalf.
And so it is up to
humanity to change those
who you choose to be
your representatives.
>> How would you suggest--
if we have a system that seems
to be so corrupt on both sides,
because it is just a
polarity that's playing out--
we, individuals, best put
our energy or choose--
what's the
alternative, so to say,
in maybe bypassing this
political polarity?
>> You cannot bypass it.
You have to change it.
And as Alcazar has said, raising
the vibration is the key.
Continuing to fight
each other, continuing
to find ways of putting down
the other, while this continues,
humanity will continue to go
into more fear, pain, struggle.
It is very simple.
It is very obvious, but
unfortunately, many people
are wearing blinders
from the conditioning
they have received in the past.
>> In our election
specifically coming up,
we're given basically two
options in the current
political structure.
>> Beloved, we would suggest
you are not given two options.
>> OK, that's what
I wanted to hear.
How do we obtain
these other options?
>> There are few individuals
who wish to genuinely change
the way your political
system works.
They need to be
recognized and supported.
Unfortunately, the way
your system has been set
up right now, it is very
difficult for those individuals
who wish to create
change to do it
within your current structure.
Well, they get
marginalized, ignored.
>> So maybe just to help find
those in and put our attention
there.
>> Indeed.
>> I see.
On board your ships,
like you said,
you have many, many
different benevolent beings.
Could you name some of
these races of beings?
>> You are familiar with many
of them-- the Pleiadeans,
the Arcturians, the
Syrians, to name but a few.
>> Any reptilians-- benevolent?
>> There are indeed
benevolent reptilians now,
not necessarily in your past.
Understand that with
all races, there
are levels of consciousness.
There are enlightened
reptilians, as you call them,
although they do not
appreciate being called that.
But we will use this
human terminology.
These enlightened
ones are actually
assisting in the
transformation of humanity.
They are, in a sense, changing
the negative influences
that their race has had
on humanity in the past,
similarly with those
from Zeta Reticuli.
You call them the greys.
>> Much of my discussions,
there's talk of children
and hybrid children from
many different races.
Are these children
on your ships at all?
>> Beloved, you are all hybrids.
You have been on
this Earth, coming
from these different
star families.
You have been mixing and
merging over generations.
You are all
multitudes of hybrids.
>> So we are the children.
>> Indeed.
>> Excellent.
Why would the Galactic
Federation or Command--
why are they helping
humanity now?
What is it what is it that
they get out of this helping?
>> Everyone, every
being, without exception,
is on a path of self-evolution.
When you move out of
the physical realm,
when you vibrate
into that which you
are calling enlightenment
and beyond, then
simply the path changes.
On your Earth, the
adults help the children.
In the greater reality,
the more advanced beings
help those who
are less advanced.
And even though humanity
is very ego-centered,
calling everyone
extraterrestrials,
humanity is the newest
level of consciousness.
You are still in kindergarten.
But most people do
not like to hear that.
But it is the case.
>> So in a sense, us helping--
or the Galactic Command
helping humanity
is just part of their evolution?
>> Indeed.
>> I see.
>> And to a certain extent, part
of our function is to protect
the rest of the
universe from humanity--
>> Oh.
>> --for you are constantly
trying to put into space that
which you call
nuclear armaments.
And although it is not very well
known, every time that occurs,
it is our responsibility
to destroy it.
That is the way that we
are allowed to interfere.
Otherwise, we are not allowed
to interfere, by universal law.
We are allowed to
respond to your asking.
And so it is of grand
import for individuals
to realize that you can
ask for our support.
And with your asking,
we can respond.
>> On the individual level.
>> Indeed.
>> Which soon will be
collective, as we gather--
>> It is always collective,
although you do not experience
it as such as yet.
>> I see.
>> And so, beloved, we thank
you for these moments together.
And the commander now withdraws.
Good day.
>> Thank you.
>> So you had a little
chat with the commander.
>> Yeah, that was great.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
It's not often you get
to have a conversation
with a commander on a ship
from the Galactic Command.
That's pretty cool.
>> As he said, you
simply have to ask.
>> Yeah, that's it.
Right.
Excellent.
Jules, I'm wondering
if you're feeling
any calling for any other
energies to bring in today.
Are you--
>> I'm just wondering where
the Galactic Command--
where did he go?
He had to peace out really fast.
>> I don't know, I suppose
he had something to do.
>> Yeah.
I think he was feeling our
batteries running out, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Jules, how are you feeling.
>> So with the unicorns,
they really come in mostly
to deliver an energetic.
So I would invite us all
just to close our eyes.
>> And even those
people watching,
just close your eyes and
tune into the energy.
The unicorns tend to bring
us into a place of deep peace
and relaxation.
>> You can just simply ask for
a high vibrational energy field
start to form around you.
And just that asking is
all it takes for the guides
to respond.
And so we'll invite the
unicorn energy to come through.
So just asking inside,
we call for the presence
of the unicorns.
And just feel a gentle shift
in the field around you.
[VOCALIZING]
So you might feel the
peacefulness that they bring.
>> Playfulness.
>> Yeah.
>> I felt some playfulness.
>> Oh, lovely.
>> What are the unicorns' role?
How come they're so--
in our society and
across the world,
we have this unicorn energy.
Where does that come from?
Why is it here?
>> It is rare that we speak,
and yet we speak with you,
for you are one who
knows our energy.
If you look in your Renaissance
paintings, you will find us.
If you look in that
which is called
the royal crown of your England,
if you look at your Scotland,
if you look at the royal
families, the powers that
were, in your past, ruling
certain civilizations,
they honored us.
We acted as guides.
We came to deliver wisdom
at critical moments
in your history.
And always, we guided toward
the highest potential.
This guidance would often bring
unexpected, lasting, benevolent
change.
And this is why we were
seen as power creatures.
>> And what role are you
serving now in humanity?
>> Other than
being on backpacks?
>> Yeah.
>> You can see that there
has been a resurgence.
We come to remind you
of the balance point.
We come to bring you inward,
towards singularity, and not
your artificial
intelligence, but that
point within the very
center of your beingness
where there is a wellspring.
That is what is
needed in these times.
It is not just the
unicorn realm bringing
this resurgence of energy, the
fae, the sprites, the dragons.
That which you call and
label the magical realms,
we are higher-dimensional
beings.
And humanity, directly
through your higher selves,
you have connections
to these realms.
The reconnection
reminds you of a kind
of benevolent inner power, a
kind of playfulness, exactly--
a place where you can drop
some of the ego struggle.
>> Yeah.
Acceptance.
It feels that's a big
part of that energy too.
>> When you recognize or realize
there's nothing to resist,
you can melt into a
new state of being.
And this is something that
must be chosen individually.
But there's a reason
that your films depict us
in such inspired ways.
We're reminding you
of your connections
to a kind of
universal grandness.
And so we thank you
for the role that you
are playing in connecting
so many sparks of energy.
>> It's all about the sparkles.
And the rainbows.
Awesome.
Thank you.
>> Nice.
>> Beautiful.
>> It's rare that they--
>> That's the most
they've ever spoken.
>> Oh, wow.
That's cool.
To balance it out, can we
bring in a little dragon energy
to finish us off here today?
>> Yeah.
I am Ran of the dragon
realm and I greet thee.
>> Hello, Ran.
>> Good day.
And we wish to say to you
that these beautiful unicorns,
the dragon realm, and
all of the other realms
were known to humanity
hundreds of your years ago.
You could connect with us.
You could feel us.
You could communicate with us.
That is why we are
there in your memory.
But then along came your
religions, saying this is evil,
that dragons eat people.
We are here to support humanity,
as all of the other realms are.
Dragons are loving creatures.
Humanity knew that we were
loving, caring creatures
until, as we said,
your religions started
to tell stories about us.
So beloved one, we withdrew.
We honored the fact that
we were being rejected.
But there have always
been few on your Earth who
have stayed connected with us.
And now, more and
more are remembering,
from their past experiences,
that they have, indeed,
a connection with
our realm, and they
are inviting us to connect
once more with them.
And so for those
who hear our voice
and can feel our vibration and
are touched by this frequency,
then you too are
remembering your connection
to the dragon realm.
And we invite you to invite
us into your meditations,
into your life.
>> Absolutely.
When we speak of dragons in
our cultures and society,
we have this
East/West perspective.
In the Far East, they
have a very respectful--
more of a respectful-- an
honoring of this energy.
And in the West,
so to say, we make
the stories of them
eating the humans
and all of that, breathing
fire, and all of that craziness.
Well, maybe you do breathe fire,
but not in a malevolent way.
So could you give us--
could you address
those differences?
Why is it so different?
>> Very basically, the
spirituality in that which you
call the East is
far more benevolent.
It does not claim
one god of all.
>> Right.
Right.
>> It does not demand
bowing down to that energy.
It does not demand that
you confess your sins
to another human.
And so there is
more of an honoring,
more of an openness in
those particular societies,
and much more of
remembering of who we are.
But also, for many
of them, still, it
is more of a ritual
than a reality.
>> Yes.
Many still think of it as
fairy tales, or not reality.
>> Indeed.
Not fairy tales-- dragon tales.
>> Dragon tales.
There we go.
That's another
story, the fairies.
>> Indeed.
>> Welcome back, Ron.
Sorry for that interruption.
So dragons are associated with--
>> My name is Ran.
Not Ron.
>> OK.
How would you spell that?
>> Correctly.
>> OK.
We'll get it later
before I post it.
So my interaction with
dragons-- and I've had a few--
has been-- the energy I
felt was great wisdom,
just because the lifespan
of dragons is quite long.
And I'm wondering,
what is the lifespan,
and what other things can
we associate-- or teachings
can we associate
with the dragons?
>> Our lifespan is
irrelevant to you.
We can assist individuals to
experience the other realms
more easily.
Many have dreams of
riding on the dragons.
Some, as they begin to
awaken, can consciously
call us and travel with us.
We share that which we
know through experiencing
rather than simply
teaching with words.
>> The interactions
I've had have been--
well, I could say only
two times that I remember,
and once with a white dragon
and once with two green dragons.
What is the significance
of the colors
of the different dragons?
>> What is the significance
of you with the pale skin,
and another with a darker skin,
and another with a very dark
skin?
What is the significance?
>> Just cultural
backgrounds, histories.
>> It is not so relevant.
>> I see.
>> There are many colors.
And beloveds, we can
change our colors.
>> I see.
What color are you, Ran?
>> When?
>> Oh.
How about right now?
>> What you would call
iridescent reds and blues,
and where they combine,
beautiful purples.
>> Beautiful.
>> We think so.
>> Awesome.
>> We all honor our beauty.
And it will be a grand
day here on your Earth
when you honor your
own beauty also.
>> Moving forward
in our evolution,
what sort of permission slip
can we use to connect with
the dragon energy, besides
the pictures of the dragons
and things?
>> You simply invite our energy.
There needs to be a
level of openness.
There needs to be no fear, for
the old stories trigger fear.
>> I just remembered another
interaction I had with a dragon
that taught me how to
overcome that fear.
The dragon showed
up in a meditation,
and it was looking
very fearsome,
however, I shifted
my perspective
from being afraid
to being curious,
to being in awe of the beauty
of the intricacy of the teeth
and the scales and
just the detail.
And as soon as I
did that, it turned
into a cartoon character.
It turned into a loving--
like, that's what it
was trying to teach me.
>> Indeed.
>> Thank you for that.
>> It is an honor to communicate
with you and through you
to thousands of others.
Good day.
[COUGH]
>> Thank you.
Whew, need some water?
>> Making my eyes water.
>> Wow.
Thank you, again, for bringing
those two lovely beings--
or, I'm sure, the collectives--
in for us.
>> It is simply our joy and
our love and our function.
>> Any last words for our
audience before we go?
>> Beloved ones, as you have
experienced a small porthole,
portal, into these other
dimensional realities,
we would suggest you do not just
stop with what you can witness
with your eyes, with what
you can hear with your ears,
but to go beyond, to
actually close the eyes,
to tune your listening to the
higher dimensional knowingness
that is within you.
And so allow these
episodes, these sessions
that this one, Reuben,
is guiding you through,
to be your openings
to the beyond.
Go beyond where you
have been before.
Allow the curiosity of the
mind not to be satisfied,
but rather to drive
you further and further
into your expansion,
because indeed, you are all
creating your own reality.
The shift is upon you.
And it is all about
how you can navigate
the so-called "big waves"
that are happening now.
And so it is with great honoring
that we share our energies
with you.
And we thank you for what
you are doing to assist.
>> We are here.
We are available.
Those who will benefit from
that which we have to share
will be attracted
to the stargate,
and the stargate process will
accelerate their movement
into higher consciousness.
We thank you for your
service to humanity.
Good day.
>> And thank you, Jules.
Thank you for an awesome
weekend and for experiencing
the stargate and for bringing
through the wonderfulness--
>> I mean, this is what we do.
This brings us so much joy.
And to be able to connect to
a whole new audience, that's
very much appreciated.
>> It's good fun for us.
So thanks for having us.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
In Mount Shasta.
>> Yeah.
>> Can I give you guys hugs?
>> Oh, absolutely.
>> All right.
[MUSIC PLAYING]